# Deconstruction_plus
Mod for Cataclysm-DDA that adds more deconstruction options and a power tool.

I got fed up that the only way to make changes to established houses was to BREAK ALL THE THINGS, when we 
have a suite of power tools and plenty of time (this was causing roof collapse ~80% of the time), so I made 
this mod to stop myself jumping into debug mode to fix the issue.

Fair warning, deconstruction of buildings is aimed to be a mid-game activity, while modifying existing 
buildings to suit base needs, and as such, most recipes require more tools to deconstruct than you'd use to 
construct them and a decent whack of time. The trade off is that you don't risk roof collapse and the 
floor tile is more or less preserved.


## Currently allows deconstruction of (most)
- empty window frames
- linoleum tiles
- floors
- concrete floors
- walls
- wooden walls
- brick walls
- concrete walls
- stone walls
- glass walls
- half complete walls
- roads / pavement / zebra crossings
- rebar cages
- concrete columns
- glass doors
- metal doors
- fireplaces


## Adds these powertool tweaks
- Masonry Saw (and an easy recipe to create it)
- A recipe for making Angle grinders (I was using them without realising that they were find only) 


## For Cataclysm Bright Nights / CDDA 0.E
Download the mod as per normal, then... 

DELETE the following files:
- construction_recipes.json
- construction_groups.json
- modinfo.json
- tools.json

RENAME the files with .BN in the filename by replacing .BN with .json.
- construction_recipes.BN -> construction_recipes.json
- modinfo.BN -> modinfo.json 
- tools.BN -> tools.json
- There is no construction_groups for BN, the information that is in that file is included in construction_recipes.BN

Please note, the BN files are generated by script after the CDDA files are created by hand and then 
all files are linted by the CDDA tool, so everything should look more or less "game ready". (Whoooo)


## An argument for allowing deconstruction of metal doors / walls in general.

Q : Allowing metal door / wall deconstruction allows easy access to buildings that are meant to be harder to access.

A : You already have - Pick axes / Jack Hammers / Home Wreckers / Explosives / Vehicles that allow access to buildings 
without unlocking the door. This mod simply allows you to remove the wall / door in a more controlled manner. 

Q : But it'll make it too easy.

A : It's not supposed to make removing the walls EASY, it's supposed to make it POSSIBLE to remove them without causing 
the friggen roof to collapse and ruin the building as a base. This should be a thing that we can do with time and patience 
and a fuck ton of tools and experience. The recipes use a LOT of tools and require a decent amount of fabrication to 
utilise. I think the lowest fab recipe was 4 for grinding off a door. Removing a wall requires fab 6 and a lot of tools.

Q : This can cheese the lab start.

A : This isn't something that can be used to cheese the lab start, as the tools required don't even spawn in the lab, it's 
aimed at mid to late game, and base building.

Q : The game doesn't check when you remove the wall if the roof will collapse, allowing you to create floating palaces
in the sky joined to the ground by a drainpipe or a stepladder.

A : Yeah, I know. I'd like to add this, but it's a C++ addition, and I don't even know where to start looking for that 
check. I added the deconstruction recipes because I don't like jumping into debug to do something that should be possible
in the base game if it's too much of an exploit I suspect that someone will implement the building integrity check.
